People of Delhi benefited lot and they are expecting same now

John and Janna are the jury members.
They give their individual opinions.

John and Janna are playing with Tom as they are good players.

John is playing with Tom as they are good players.

John and Janna are in the team, they are good players.

Memebrs of the jury said that we will fight.

People of Delhi benefited lot and they are expecting same now!! 

It is possible that GMOs could change the farmers markets in places like Chicago, In New York and Illimois, it is pretty hard to groe crops a because they are going to freeze.

John and Janna are in the team. John is playing with Janna. He is fine player. They said that, "we are good players".

Johna and Smith are good friends. They do their work by themselves and they said that, "we do our work by ourselves".

John asked Janna, "Which sweater do you want to wear?"

President Obama, President Mukherjee and Prime Minister Modi are coming to india.
They will be visiting to places.

John and Jonna are playing. he is a god player. He never give up. He give himself a new record to break.

John and Jonna are playing. She is a god player. He never give up. He gives her a new record to break.

John and Jonna are playing. She is a god player. He never give up. He give himself a new record to break. She is going to olympics.

John and Jonna are playing. She is a god player. He never give up. He give himself a new record to break. She is going to olympics.

John said: "Jorge Carrillo's letter of resignation as president of the CUT contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. I am glad that his resignation was not accepted and I see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.

Jonna was going to market with John. He told her to come along with him. But she said, I will go alone.

Ram and John are going out.We will enjoy, they said.They did their works on time.

A suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early Tuesday morning [20 Dec] in Santa Ana, 66 km west of San Salvador. According to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the Feliciano Ama Front took up ositions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d Infantry Brigade and the National Guard. They did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.While the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the CEL [Lempa River Hydroelectric Executive Commission] San Luissubstation, 3 km north of Santa Ana. They caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. This plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of CEL engineers.

We all have a dream to win this game. Make it real.

We all have a dream to win this game so lets make it real.

We went to America and it is a big city in itself.

The Federal Police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. It was learned that they are Leopoldo Gomes Portao and Genilde Fernandes Morais, who live in Corumba, Mato Grosso do Sul. They picked up the cocaine in Bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The Federal Police revealed that Leopoldo Gomes Portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in Rio de Janeiro.

We went to America, its fun there.

John and Janna are arriving to Mumbai. They will have fun here. Its going to be amazing.

John may be coming to Delhi. But there he will stay just for some time. Its the best we can do.

John and Janna will be going for swimming. There they will do their practice.

President Obama after coming back from Japan announced new rules. He showed Americam power there.

Barack Obama, Narendra Modi and Salman Khan are the person who are standing in the queue with Shahrukh Khan.

Barack Obama, Narendra Modi and Salman Khan are the person. Who are standing in the queue with Shahrukh.

xx John said, "Barack Obama, Narendra Modi and Salman Khan are the person whom he want to meet".

Today Peruvian military officials established a curfew in Tingo Maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.

The military court upheld the indictment of Felipe Sandoval, youth sector president of the Christian Democratic Party, who was tried for offending Carabineros.  The military court also decided to release Sandoval on bail. He was arrested on 17 August. The court decision was 3 to 1.

Its conclusions on the biodiversity of the proposed site have been challenged by two British botanists, Dr John Akeroyd and Dr Andrew Jones, who conducted a field study last summer.

In January 2006, the Company settled for US$250,000 a lawsuit with a former employee who claimed unspecified damages for breach of contract, negligence and breach of fiduciary duty arising out of an employment contract.

The consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2005 and for the year then ended was audited by other auditors who expressed an opinion without reservation on those consolidated financial statements in their report dated February 10, 2006.

In December 2004, we loaned a total of US $971 thousand to the four minority shareholders, who hold an aggregate of the shares of RMGC, to facilitate a statutory requirement to increase RMGC's total share capital.

The Opposition has exploited this situation by launching an impeachment process against the President who according to the polls is the most popular president Romania has ever had.

RMGC agreed to pay owners who sign a Promissory Agreement an immediate up- front payment of 3 of the Property Value (as agreed in the Promissory Agreement).

The Opposition has exploited this situation by launching an impeachment process against the President who according to the polls is the most popular president Romania has ever had.

It all started with patriarch Ted Keats, Allan's father, who now suffers from breathing problems and could not attend the awards ceremony.

Meridian is the largest trade union in Romania and represents the 300 miners who have lost their jobs over the past decade due to restructuring of the Romanian mining industry.

And this movie not only attends to how NGOs or people opposing projects misrepresent what is actually happening or what - misrepresent what the project stands for, but also that they hurt the people who are surrounded around the project. [WHO WILL NOT BE COREFERRED ACCORDING TO RULE AND AME WITH THEY]

It was learned that Torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three Chileans arrested near Buenos Aires, who are
reportedly linked to the kidnapping of Col Carreno. The Supreme Court must now process that request.



